Overhaul README (#19)
Pasu4/neuropilot: README.md

- giving Neuro direct terminal access.
    <!-- - letting Neuro read what you type in real time. -->
    <!--
    Not sure about including this one - this was something she could *not* do in the past, but was later implemented and moved to the list of things she *could* do.
    (Also, this comment block is indented because it would cause formatting issues otherwise.)
    -->
- letting Neuro view linting diagnostics, and be updated on linting diagnostics as they come in.

These can all be turned on or off using the extension's permission settings. <!-- TODO: Inline suggestions currently can't be turned off -->

## How to use

On startup, the extension will immediately try to establish a connection to the Neuro API.
If the extension was started before the API was ready, or you lose connection to the API, you can use the command "NeuroPilot: Reconnect" from the Command Palette.

You can configure the extension using the extension settings.
For example, you can set how many lines of code will be provided as context before and after the current line.

There are two ways the extension can be used, which will be referred to as "Autopilot mode" and "Copilot mode".

### Autopilot Mode

> To make Neuro able to code without human input, go to the extension settings and activate the necessary permissions, then run the command "NeuroPilot: Reload Permissions" from the Command Palette. <!-- TODO: Figure out how this will work in #28 -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make Neuro able to code without human input, go to the extension settings and set the necessary permissions to "Autopilot", then run the command "NeuroPilot: Reload Permissions" from the Command Palette. <!-- TODO: Figure out how this will work in #28 -->
```

At the very least we know that there's a dropdown for Copilot/Autopilot

}
```

### Mixing Autopilot and Copilot Mode

> [!WARNING]
> Whether or how this section applies depends heavily on the outcome of [#28](https://github.com/Pasu4/neuropilot/pull/28), which at the time of writing is still in the design phase.

<!-- TODO: See above. Remove this warning when it has been determined how this will be implemented. -->

## Security

The extension has multiple security measures in place to prevent Neuro from doing any real damage.
As said earlier, Neuro can only run tasks that have the string `[Neuro]` at the start of their `detail` property to control what tasks Neuro can run.

Neuro cannot open, edit, or otherwise access files or folders that start with a dot (`.`), or files in such folders.
This is mainly to prevent her from opening `.vscode/tasks.json` to essentially run arbitrary commands in the terminal, or editing `.vscode/settings.json` to escalate her permissions.
**Warning: If your workspace is inside such a folder, Neuro will not be able to edit *any* files!**

Neuro also can't change the global git configuration, only the one local to the current repository.

> Note that if Neuro has direct terminal access, all security features are pretty much out the window, since she can just rewrite the settings file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that if Neuro has direct terminal access, you should assume all security features are pretty much out the window, since she can just rewrite the settings file and run whatever commands she wants.

The same advice applies for ticking the `NeuroPilot > Allow Unsafe Paths` setting if you gave Autopilot-level permissions to Neuro for editing files.
```

Reviewer: ok not this one, this is more of a wording change

## Commands

### Give Cookie

Gives a cookie to Neuro (it tells her that Vedal gave her a cookie).

### Reconnect

Attempts to reconnect to the API.
Shows a notification when it succeeds or fails.

### Reload Permissions

Reregisters all actions according to the permissions.
Running this command is required if you change any of the permissions.

### Disable All Permissions

> Disable all permissions for Neuro immediately and unregister the actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set all permissions for Neuro to 'Off' immediately and unregister the actions.
```

While I'm here, should any active request(s) be denied immediately as well?

Author: Somehow I didn't see this until two days later, sorry about that

This is mainly to prevent her from opening `.vscode/tasks.json` to essentially run arbitrary commands in the terminal.
**Warning: If your workspace is inside such a folder, Neuro will not be able to edit *any* files!**

> Note that if Neuro has direct terminal access, all security features are pretty much out the window.

Reviewer: Should we list examples of security features that are essentially gone because of terminal access? I believe there are still some (not very many) security features that apply even if she has direct terminal access.

Reviewer: Ignore that actually, if she has terminal access she can just rewrite .vscode/settings.json and shut them off
